fix: serialise breadcrumb level as string instead of integer (#290)
MindscapeHQ/raygun4flutter: AGENTS.md

    services/                   # Settings (global state), HTTP posting, caching
    utils/                      # Device info, machine name helpers
    logging/                    # Internal logger
test/
  raygun4flutter_test.dart     # Single test file using flutter_test + MockClient
example/                       # Example Flutter app
```

## Key conventions

### Dart & Flutter

- **SDK constraint**: `>=3.9.0 <4.0.0`, Flutter `>=3.30.0`
- **Linting**: Uses `package:lint/analysis_options_package.yaml`. Run `flutter analyze`.
- **Formatting**: Run `dart format .`
- **Tests**: Run `flutter test`. Tests use `flutter_test` and `package:http/testing.dart` MockClient to capture sent JSON payloads.

### JSON serialisation (important)

All message models use **`json_annotation`** + **`json_serializable`** with code generation.

- Model files live in `lib/src/messages/` and have a corresponding `.g.dart` file.
- **Never hand-edit `.g.dart` files.** After changing any model or `@JsonValue`/`@JsonKey` annotation, regenerate with:
  ```
  dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
  ```

> - Enum values sent to the API **must be strings**, not integers. Use `@JsonValue('stringValue')` on enum members, not numeric indices.

Reviewer: Rather than this, it should use https://pub.dev/documentation/json_annotation/4.10.0/json_annotation/JsonEnum-class.html

```suggestion
- Enum values sent to the API **must be strings**, not integers. Use `@JsonEnum` to annotate the enum class.
```

Author: Done

- The `.g.dart` files **must** be committed — they are not gitignored.
- Verify serialisation matches the [Raygun API spec](https://raygun.com/documentation/product-guides/crash-reporting/api/) and the Raygun4JS reference implementation.

### Versioning

The version appears in **two places** that must be kept in sync:

1. `pubspec.yaml` → `version:`
2. `lib/src/services/settings.dart` → `Settings.kVersion`

> 

Reviewer: I think we should add this to the `RELEASING.md` and then reference the file here.

Author: yup,  also good point. Fixed.

### Branching & PRs

- Branch off `develop` (not `master`).
- PR titles must follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) (enforced by CI).
- PR descriptions **must** follow the template in `pull_request_template.md`. Read it before creating a PR and fill in all sections.
- Release branches are named `release/x.y.z`.
- PRs merge into `develop`; `develop` is periodically merged to `master`.

### CI

- PR workflow validates the PR title follows Conventional Commits.

> - No automated test runner in CI currently — run `flutter test` locally before submitting.

Reviewer: This is not correct: https://github.com/MindscapeHQ/raygun4flutter/blob/develop/.github/workflows/main.yml

Author: Fixed
